Full Job Description
Leading the future in luxury electric and mobility
At Lucid, we set out to introduce the most captivating, luxury electric vehicles that elevate the human experience and transcend the perceived limitations of space, performance, and intelligence. Vehicles that are intuitive, liberating, and designed for the future of mobility.
We plan to lead in this new era of luxury electric by returning to the fundamentals of great design – where every decision we make is in service of the individual and environment. Because when you are longer bound by convention, you are free to define your own experience.
Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you.

We are currently seeking a Software Engineer to join our Vehicle Infotainment team. This position requires an experience professional with accomplished background in Android software development. Our ideal candidate exhibits a can-do attitude and approaches his or her work with vigor and determination. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate excellence in their respective fields, to possess the ability to learn quickly and to strive for perfection within a fast-paced environment.
The Role
Design, implement and deliver Android framework components for in-vehicle software systems.
Develop Android Software that interfaces with the lower level HW as well as the entire vehicle system
Analyze, diagnose, and resolve relevant issues based on testing, and user validation
Work with Architecture, application software engineers, QA and user experience teams to create a modular and extensible system
Play a key role in feature development by working with Product Marketing, Embedded Engineering, and Application/UI teams to develop a state-of-the-art infotainment system
Contribute to the design of overall software system architecture
Qualifications
Desire and willingness to constantly learn and acquire new knowledge and skills.
Team player attitude to tackle difficult technical challenges.
2+ years of experience working with Java, and Python.
Experience working with Android system including application framework and native framework.
Ability to communicate well and effectively in a fast-paced environment
Domain knowledge and experience with Android system including Android application framework, native framework and HAL and HIDL vendor implementation.
Experience working in Linux development environment with GNU toolchain.
Network Protocols.
Experience with automotive infotainment systems, but not required.
MS/BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems Electrical engineering or related field or equivalent experience
At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.

Notice regarding COVID-19 vaccination requirement as a condition of gainful employment within the United States
At Lucid, we prioritize the health and wellbeing of our employees, families, and friends above all else. In response to the novel Coronavirus, and the increased transmissibility with recent variants, all new Lucid employees, whose job will be based in the United States, must provide original documentation confirming status as having received the prescribed inoculation (doses) based on the manufacturer's guidelines on their first day of employment.
Individuals seeking a medical and/or religious exemption from this requirement may be granted such an accommodation after submitting a formal request to and the subsequent review and approval thereof by our dedicated Covid-19 Response team.
To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.